Two issues to fix:

ISSUE 1: Selected project resets when running agents

When a user selects a project in the sidebar (Permit # field or 
Link to Project dropdown), it should STAY SELECTED throughout the 
entire agent pipeline — from Run Manual Check through all 5 agent 
steps. Currently the selected project disappears/resets as soon as 
Run Manual Check starts, and the user has to re-select the project 
for every subsequent step.

Find where the selected project state is managed (likely in a 
context provider, zustand store, or parent component state). The 
issue is probably one of:
a) The state is being reset when the page re-renders after scraping
b) A useEffect is clearing the selection when data updates
c) The agent workflow component re-mounts and loses the selection

Fix: Persist the selected project in the state/store so it survives 
re-renders and data refreshes. The selected project should only 
change when the user explicitly selects a different project. Do NOT 
clear it on data refresh, agent completion, or component re-render.

Check these files:
- src/components/dashboard/AgentWorkflowStatus.tsx
- src/components/layout/AppSidebar.tsx  
- Any project context/store (useProjects hook, project store, etc.)
- Check if the sidebar's permit number input or Link to Project 
  dropdown has an onChange or useEffect that resets when projects 
  data refetches

ISSUE 2: Discipline Classifier puts all comments in "Unclassified"

The Discipline Classifier Agent is categorizing all 8 comments as 
"Unclassified" instead of assigning proper disciplines (Zoning, 
Structural, Architectural, MEP, Fire, etc.)

Debug the classifier edge function:
- File: supabase/functions/discipline-classifier-agent/index.ts
- Check what prompt is being sent to the AI model
- Check if the comment text is actually being passed to the model 
  or if it's receiving empty/null text
- Check the model response — is it returning disciplines that 
  don't match the expected categories?
- Check if there's a parsing issue where the model returns valid 
  disciplines but the code fails to extract them

The classifier should categorize each comment into one of these 
disciplines based on the comment content:
- Zoning (land use, setbacks, height limits, density, zoning code)
- Structural (load bearing, foundation, framing, seismic)
- Architectural (egress, accessibility, building envelope, finishes)
- Mechanical/MEP (HVAC, plumbing, electrical systems)
- Electrical (wiring, panels, circuits, lighting)
- Fire (fire rating, sprinklers, smoke detectors, fire access)
- Civil (grading, drainage, stormwater, utilities)
- Environmental (erosion control, wetlands, environmental impact)
- General (administrative, procedural, documentation)

If a comment clearly mentions code sections or topics related to 
a specific discipline, it should be classified accordingly — NOT 
as Unclassified. Unclassified should only be used if the comment 
is truly ambiguous and doesn't match any discipline.

Common issue: the AI model prompt might not be specific enough, 
or the response parsing expects a specific format that the model 
isn't returning. Check both the prompt and the response parser.

Also check: is the edge function deployed? If the code was changed 
locally but not deployed to Supabase, the old version is still 
running. The edge function needs to be redeployed with:
supabase functions deploy discipline-classifier-agent

Do NOT change any other functionality or components.